
I really enjoyed this semester of Latin. I have only taken french and spanish classes in the past, so this new language taught me a lot. I was most interested in how different latin is from other languages. It was difficult to grasp at first, but once you get the basics down, it got easier as the class went on. It is a lot different that the endings change on both nouns and verbs in Latin, and I feel as though this is what I struggle most with in this class. 
The article we read in practicum about the passive voice giving sentences a different meaning was interesting, too. I learned a lot about how we word things gives it a completely different meaning. It showed me that we have to be careful when putting together sentences. We have to be careful when choosing objectifying words and which grammatical case we choose to form the sentence. While Latin is an old language, I liked how this article gave us contemporary examples to help us really grasp these ideas of the passive voice and word order. 

Also, out CBL discussion of toxic charity gave me a new perspective on things, too. While it is not closely related to the Latin language, it helped me rethink my opinions and perspective on charity. I liked how I could see it from the receiver's point of view, and how charity isn't always the best thing in the world. It showed me the power struggles that are exhibited in charities, making the giver seem superior to the receiver. While this is not always the case, it is an important thing to keep in mind. 

Overall, I really liked how this class was more than just learning the language, but showed us different perspectives of the world, too. 
